hi everyone guys are a kidal and me
today I will go to the limestone with a good 49
giants then an attack with solo
giant boys let's see what will come out of it
I hope not to file like in mine
usually do because they are very scarce
you know but unfortunately it's so guys
so as you can see the giants are
these here in we have 44 in
camps pv 5 in the case of the grand
donated by the clan
I thank my friends of the horse 15
remember they are the one hundred level unique clubs
more if you want to enter spells
we're going to attack with two healings
2 care of the two furies then excuse the
furies to speed up the giants they are
very slow that the cure to heal
when they are going to die
we hope not to hurt you won
first tell me if you like this style
then the with the webcam and with and with
the enav attack is therefore not a
comments there with a recorded attack
with tell me if you like
now we're going to attack right away
we see very little else that I have
found a player to attack
here we are guys after really a
time mess I found ours
attack village has started a
ranks at random but I don't think it does
of evil
we therefore have 40 giants
availability the troops of the
clans that will be a big problem
so let's put a giant here
ok let's put our barbarian king there
should pulverize instantly and then
let's put all the other giants
at this point ok
will be a great offelle guys me
sorry but
unfortunately I 'm not capable of
attack then we have our 49
giants we put a good fury for
make a mess we avoid though
exactly again let's see what
will come out is widening to free similar
unfortunately my computer is so young
we can not do anything we put
even giants behind we see that they go
great and destructive as never before
they are separating for a moment now
we are ready to take good care of you
Just come here the center of the
village anyway kid is going
very badly an attack because i anyway
There are so many giants and the city is
pretty poor just wandering around
like never before, that is, boys I don't understand
nothing more
let's not lose concentration
a cure that surely ahi ahi ahi
Too many bombs to have ok
call another ok here very well
I don't know if it rhymes for months
time guys because anyway restif i
songs are very slow ie one thing
indescribable in slowness and we see that
I don't know or at least they are now
attacking here could be a
danger could be a mere in
attack will only be the time we say a
tell us
we want still here slowly
the giants are dying so it will be a
film will be a movie I don't know anyway
I would put a fury somewhere
I don't really know where because anyway
the most compact group is this guys here
and we must try to send it
ahead and too much are dying of
we can therefore say in vain giants
now let's see let's see a
little what to do ok let's put a where
the water could be a fury here
a great idea or a great crap
then yes very well ok ok ok because
we have a minute and 27 to destroy
these defenses and then destroy it all
we can do the village
let's hope so guys come on from the give
come on come on come on
if we finish destroying the defenses he has
just done that time is little guys
no we will do 16
let's see let's see then it is
let's zoom in on some migrants well well
careful attention a cannon is missing
a cannon one minute and two new giant
perfect if there is a trap set there
hello sends everyone a bomb worth good
okay okay okay ok fine
meanwhile we see our true rival
who is doing the dirty work you can
we have destroyed all defenses
guys we saw everything all
defenses
we are champions that is sorry
boys, but these are the thoughts
unfortunately, it is never like that
let's see if they take their love horse
let's hope so only this is missing
storage area
very pity both good and good less
bad so we made a movie
total okay okay
no sorry guys but that's the truth
that is, we can't do anything about it
13 seconds I 'm playing the game too
City Hall we can't make it to
destroy it shit for a hair guys
because really now with others 30
seconds destroyed the whole city
shame sin I should have maybe
to use 4 fury I don't know you tell me
however we took 164 thousand violas
160,000 eli I would say a good 136 of
black elixir seven 49 giant trophies
go for it because with barbarism there is
there was clearly better good
guys this was my ata attack
composes the lithium cable but with the giants
you can't do much sorry because
however it is given an active crew
But you have to put something behind
to support them because when not there
greetings from all the defenses are anyway
very slow they are not like the tamers who
however skipping the tack are super
fast so maybe I should have used
4 out as I said before though
maybe then all the giants die
so we couldn't do anything about it
however we still got a
spoils not bad so if the video is there
liked the minsitro bar I like it
I stopped all of them already because I wanted to tell you
a moment a thing so I wanted to do a
video let's say go a special one
utime facts a question and answer
so more and I don't know therefore here
below you can send me some questions
so I don't know what your fruit is
however , questions that are preferred
they have nothing to do with anything
complex plus write below maybe
put them to start more and how
written here
hi iachini what you think of this
game
what is your favorite game as well
clash mag ok you ask me some questions
I will answer in a video that seems to me
very very pretty as an idea
so guys for this video was
I hope you enjoyed the video
even if I'm scarce to attack me
sorry if the help videos just don't
you can easily put a nice me
like to subscribe to the channel and nothing
guys we see each other in the next
video